fix(curriculum): explain media queries (#47389)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-responsive-web-design-by-building-a-piano/612ebcba99bfa46a15370b11.md

# --description--

The `@media` at-rule, also known as a media query, is used to conditionally apply CSS. Media queries are commonly used to apply CSS based on the viewport width using the `max-width` and `min-width` properties.

In the below example the padding is applied to the `.card` class when the viewport is `960px` wide and below.

```css

> @media (max-width: 960px) {

Reviewer: Two questions 

1) Do we want to demo min-width and ask for max-width?

2) Do you think users will randomly insert the CSS rule for the card class? Do we need to add a test for that?

Author: 1. I think it is better not to confuse people and keep the example using `max-width`
2. It doesn't really matter what selector they put inside. It works with or without a selector inside the media query. The test doesn't check for that and it isn't part of the requirement. I'm fine with them being able to just copy-pasting the example and change the px value in the condition to pass the step.

  .card {
    padding: 2rem;
  }
}
```

> Add a `@media` query with a `max-width` of `768px`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add a media query that will be applied when the viewport is `768px` wide and below.
```

Not required, but I wonder if we should change this to match the verbiage of the example so the camper has to think a bit about what they are actually writing.

Author: I wouldn't be opposed to that. The hint has most of the syntax and the example should help as well.
